Fix documentation error regarding required JWT claim 'sub' (#67996)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/jwt/index.md

## Configure login claim

> To identify the user, some of the claims needs to be selected as a login info. The subject claim called `"sub"` is mandatory and needs to identify the principal that is the subject of the JWT. 

Reviewer: @ptz-xyt you have empty whitespace at the end of the sentence. This is breaking the build. Here's a code suggestion.

```suggestion
To identify the user, some of the claims needs to be selected as a login info. The subject claim called `"sub"` is mandatory and needs to identify the principal that is the subject of the JWT.
```

## Configure login claim

> To identify the user, some of the claims needs to be selected as a login info. The subject claim called `"sub"` is mandatory and needs to specify a claim that contains either a username or an email of the Grafana user.

Reviewer 2: The `sub` claim does not necessarily contains the username or email: "The subject value MUST either be scoped to be locally unique in the context of the issuer or be globally unique". https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.2
```suggestion
To identify the user, some of the claims needs to be selected as a login info. The subject claim called `"sub"` is mandatory and needs to identify the principal that is the subject of the JWT. 

Typically, the subject claim called `"sub"` would be used as a login but it might also be set to some application specific claim.
```

Author: I have signed the CLA.
